US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
landed in Ankara after midnight to be
greeted by City's Deputy Mayor this was
not the usual diplomatic protocol and
perhaps was designed to send a message
of
disapproval it is Brink's first visit to
Turkey since the start of the war in
Gaza and the country and the US have
opposing
positions America's top Diplomat wants
turkey to put pressure on Hamas to
release captives turkey says it supports
the release but Israel should release
Palestinian prisoners in
exchange blink and his Turkish
counterpart hakan fidan did not hold a
joint press conference after their
meeting the media was given very little
information blink says the US is working
to facilitate a humanitarian P but this
is not enough for Turkish
officials turkey says an immediate and
unconditional ceasy is more urgent and
says it's prepared to act as a garur
despite their differences blink said the
meeting with the Turkish foreign
minister was fruitful we're working as I
said very aggressively on getting more
humanitarian assistance into Gaza and we
have very concrete ways of doing that
and I think you'll see in the days ahead
uh that that assistance can expand in in
in significant ways so that more gets
into people who who need it and gets to
the people who need it as well as making
sure that people can continue to come
out of Gaza
K the US position isn't popular
here a group of protesters called the US
complic in Israel's crimes against
Palestinians when the Secretary of State
visits turkey there's usually a joint
press conference and president ER of
turkey will receive the secretary but
this was not the case today no joint
presser no meeting with erogan the
common belief here is that this
diplomatic C Shoulder was intended to
demonstrate turkey as discontent with
the us over the war in
Gaza alaz
Anar make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz